README.md, before:

# Feedly filtering and sorting

When this script is enabled, a filter icon will appear next to the settings icon that toggles the filtering and sorting menu.

![Toggle button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/soufianesakhi/feedly-filtering-and-sorting/master/screenshots/toggle%20button.PNG)

![Menu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/soufianesakhi/feedly-filtering-and-sorting/master/screenshots/menu.PNG)

## Installation

This script relies on the user scripts extensions like Greasemonkey or Tampermonkey.

After installing the appropriate user scripts extension, the script will be installed after opening it in the navigator (the extension will ask you to confirm).

### Firefox

The [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) extension should be installed.

###  Google Chrome

The [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en) extension should be installed.

## Dev Installation
Install NodeJS & NPM (https://nodejs.org/en/download).

```
npm install
npm install -g grunt
npm install -g typings
typings install

To build manually:
grunt

To automatically build on source code change:
grunt watch
```

Commit message:

[1.2.2] Pin hot to top, style update, fix sort when auto-load disabled

README.md, after:

# Feedly filtering and sorting

When this script is enabled, a filter icon will appear next to the settings icon that toggles the filtering and sorting menu.

![Toggle button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/soufianesakhi/feedly-filtering-and-sorting/master/screenshots/toggle%20button.PNG)

![Menu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/soufianesakhi/feedly-filtering-and-sorting/master/screenshots/menu.PNG)

![Advanced settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/soufianesakhi/feedly-filtering-and-sorting/master/screenshots/menu_advanced.PNG)

![Import settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/soufianesakhi/feedly-filtering-and-sorting/master/screenshots/menu_import.PNG)

## Features

- Filtering: Hide the articles that contain at least one of the filtering keywords (not applied if empty)
- Restricting: Show only articles that contain at least one of the restricting keywords (not applied if empty)
- Sorting: by popularity or by title.
- Auto load all unread articles
- Advanced controls of the recently published articles
- Pin hot articles to top.
- Import settings from other subscriptions or from global settings.

Two settings modes are available: 
- Global settings: same settings used for all subscriptions and categories.
- Subscription settings: subscription and category specific settings (the default settings values are the global settings)

## Installation

This script relies on the user scripts extensions like Greasemonkey or Tampermonkey.

After installing the appropriate user scripts extension, you can install the script from the following sites:
- https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/20483-feedly-filtering-and-sorting
- https://openuserjs.org/scripts/soufianesakhi/Feedly_filtering_and_sorting

### Firefox

The [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) extension should be installed.

###  Google Chrome

The [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en) extension should be installed.

## Dev Installation
Install NodeJS & NPM (https://nodejs.org/en/download).

```
npm install
npm install -g grunt
npm install -g typings
typings install

To build manually:
grunt

To automatically build on source code change:
grunt watch
```
